what's up baka Luddites here we go my
first legendary class mod highlight yeah
what's up so this thing's gonna be on
the legendary Titan class model it's one
of the new class mods that you get with
the level 72 cap upgrade and then the
OPA it's it's that new one the AUV hm
pack two now I got this from a chubby
and they do drop from Chubby's I think
that's like the only place you can farm
for them so yeah but um let me just say
right now I was using this thing like I
thought oh hey gun damage that's freakin
awesome and then like I started using it
like against like the dummy and I tested
it out and it's not it's actually lowers
your damage I don't know why it said
that maybe that's like a bug or
something but it's just not this this
class mod doesn't do what it says so
here we got health regen gun damage
shield capacity - and then we got those
skills and then we got the red text says
challenge accepted by the way the wiki
isn't really like doesn't have a lot
about it so I don't really know what
challenge accepted means on this thing I
know it's like a meme but I'm not really
sure so you know the skills I mean none
of them really help me out if you're big
on this Brawn tree over here it will
definitely help you out the only one I
help me out on was the what is it the
tank one but yeah here I can look at it
right now so the only ones that I helped
me out on was hard to kill and I'm the
juggernaut and that was really it but I
mean it cuz all the other ones it I just
don't use them and it was just kind of
pointless so and then the other one
locked and loaded that won't help me out
but I mean still I would have liked
maybe a bonus on I don't know like
pistol damage or something that would
have been awesome but oh well and then
the health regen I didn't really notice
because I already have this skills hard
to kill and stuff like that so oh and
ain't got time to bleed those skills
already give you a crap ton of health
regen so yeah um so right here I don't
know if you notice but I'm hitting like
I'm hitting I had a 2000 at some point
without the titan class mod I think it's
right here yeah see there's a 2000 right
there I'm like wait what I felt like I
was hitting higher but maybe that's just
like maybe I just got lucky with a
couple of those shots so I don't know I
mean based on your judgement you can go
for this tight class but if you want and
this is not gonna give me my first
choice out of the three so yeah um but
yeah so this is been the first class one
highlight I don't know if you guys like
this or not but yeah oh and I tried out
with the shredder fire - I have a guys
enjoy this as much as I did I hope this
is very help for you guys please like
favorite subscribe and I think about a
year yup later uh Khalid's
you